I regret marrying my daughter to you
If you don't cut ties with them
I will cut off the mother-daughter relationship with you today
People, give it to the young master, get out of here for me
Or I'll tear you all apart
Wait for me.
Oh, so many people.
What a party!
You are Liu Weize
You are the one who dares to bully our lady
Who are you? My name is Luo Hai
Have you heard of the name Dongxing Consortium?
We circled this land.
I can't see it.
This chick has quite a background
How can you 150,000 this fool every day?
In one piece
Sister Pao Xianwu
You fart our lady
Is this the kind of person who can afford it?
Are you still going to hit on our lady?
Do you believe I broke your dog leg?
Hahaha, what's the world like now?
And a bunch of punks who can't get on the table
Dare to come out and shout
Oh.
You are Mr. Gao
Little Silver is my man
I've heard there are some eyeless ones
People moved our people
Do you think I should come?
Our CEO Gao is the richest man in Jiangzhou
This time, the boss of Huaxing Chamber of Commerce came to our Jiangzhou
Only a few people can go and greet
Mr. Gao is one of them
Huaxing Chamber of Commerce
Is it that one?
A global superconsortium?
Uncle Luo, are you alright?
What Huaxing Chamber of Commerce
Hahaha, I like it.
This Mr. Wan?
But the richest man in Kyushu
He came to Jiangzhou
It can directly stimulate the economic growth of the whole country
I also spent a lot of effort
I was also fortunate to meet the secretary general, Miss Yang
I think you're talking about conscience.
He belongs to me.